📚 DOCS: Fix deprecated import (#150)
executablebooks/markdown-it-py: README.md

""")
tokens = md.parse(text)
html_text = md.render(text)

## To export the html to a file, uncomment the lines below:
#text_file = open("output.html", "w")
#text_file.write(html_text)

> #text_file.close()

Reviewer: This should either use:

```python
with open("output.html", "w") as handle:
   handle.write(html_text)
```

or probably better these days

```python
from pathlib import Path
Path("output.html").write_text(html_text)
```

Reviewer: actually I'll just change it

> ## To export the html to a file, uncomment the lines below:
> #text_file = open("output.html", "w")
> #text_file.write(html_text)
> #text_file.close()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## To export the html to a file, uncomment the lines below:
# from pathlib import Path
# Path("output.html").write_text(html_text)
```
